Doc: Added tutorial for host group feature - ipc communication across… (#1183)
eclipse-ecal/ecal: doc/rst/advanced/ecal_in_docker.rst

        sudo docker-compose up

Seemeless IPC-Communication across host borders
------------------------------------------

.. important::
   This will work with eCAL 5.12 and higher.
   Older versions lack the ability to utilize the host_group_name in the ecal.ini file, thus it won't work.

In eCAL, you are able to set host belonging over network borders by utilizing the eCAL.ini configuration file with the same ``host_group_name`` - in the following steps, you will learn how to set this up.

.. note::
    If we dont set the same ``host_group_name`` on our Host and our Containers, an IPC-Communication across host borders is not avaialble with different host names.

#. To encapsulate your container network from your host network, you need to create a new docker network with the following command:

   .. code-block:: bash

      sudo docker network create --driver=bridge --subnet=192.100.0.0/24 my_network

#. Edit your ecal.ini and run your Container within the newly created docker network

   * You will use our previously discussed :ref:`ecal-runtime-image<ecal_in_docker>` for the next step.

   * First, open /etc/ecal/ecal.ini from your prefered editor.

>    * Search for the line ``network_enable`` and set it to 'true'.

Author: ```suggestion
   * Search for the line ``network_enabled`` and set it to ``true``.
```

   * Search for the line ``host_group_name`` and write your prefered name.

   * Save and close the ecal.ini file.

   * Now your ecal.ini file is prepared. We want to use it not only for our Host-System but also for our Container, so we don't need to edit the ecal.ini in our Container again. To achieve that, run following command to start your container:

   .. code-block:: bash

      sudo docker run --rm -it --ipc=host --pid=host --network=my_network --name=container1 --h=container1 --ip=192.168.100.2 -v /etc/ecal/ecal.ini:/etc/ecal/ecal.ini ecal-runtime

   - You should now be inside the root shell of your Container. Check if your ecal.ini file is correct.

   - Now your Container is prepared and configured correctly, so we are ready to start an eCAL example.

   .. code-block:: bash

      ecal_sample_person_snd

#. Configure the Host network

>    - eCAL is sending UDP messages to a multicast IP group 239.0.0.0/24, further information in :ref:`Getting Started Section <getting_started_cloud_ubuntu_routes>`. The idea is now, to successfully receive those messages from your previously started container on your host. For that, you need to add a route to your routing table. By typing ifconfig in your shell, you can identify the right docker network. In our case, the prefix of the docker network is always ``br`` followed by random numbers. After identifying the right network, run following command.

Author: ```suggestion
   - eCAL is sending UDP messages to a multicast IP group 239.0.0.0/24, further information in :ref:`Getting Started Section <getting_started_cloud_ubuntu_routes>`. The idea is now, to successfully receive those messages from your previously started container on your host. For that, you need to add a route to your routing table. By typing ``ifconfig`` in your shell, you can identify the right docker network. In our case, the prefix of the docker network is always ``br`` followed by random numbers. After identifying the right network, run following command.
```
